you know moms aren't the only ones
launching their new ideas as snack it is
your Easton to tell us about a fabulous
invention to keeps your food fresh we
love hearing about these new things and
new inventions they're like the next
best thing and you have something called
the gripstic what is that lipstick is a
simple device that actually slides on to
any type of open end bag as you can see
and it actually seals an airtight
watertight and freezer tape why do you
think this is such a cool product well
you know one of the things we're
struggling with today is tried to
stretch the proverbial dialer so the
idea is to keep your food fresher longer
and then helps you save money yeah
that's important and you say they are
like airtight irritation that's not work
here's how it works I simply took my
cellphone here real quickly and I'm just
going to set this into the water and
this has a grip stick on it oh yes yes
yes it does you have different sizes
right now we sit this down into the
water here oh you're brave
no I'm brave I know that's my cell phone
so I'm gonna back up for just a second
when we do tell you that they're
airtight watertight and freezer tight
I'm actually gonna stand on this bag for
you this is our hydro bag and if this
don't work we're gonna have a mess but
there we go so when we do tell you
nothing that they are airtight
watertight and freezer tight they
literally are and the cool thing is like
you said that one has a handle this one
any water no let's check it out it has
like a smaller version that's correct
and you have all different sizes to go
with different things that's correct
okay now you also have all different bag
spirits you know tell me about what you
brought today here's what we've got you
know it doesn't matter if we go from
your actual I like the coffee here
coffee bags one of my biggest pet peeves
is of course is the freezer bag if I may
stretch across and you know it doesn't
matter if you take your strawberries or
berries or whatever peas and you only
use half the bag a lot of times you put
the clip on it throw it the freezer one
happens like that freezer yeah freezer
burn yeah we don't even know so really
what the gripstic does and a lot of
times these type of bag sealers don't
necessarily work you get food in the
center of them and all you simply do is
fold the bag over take the little yellow
guide and you just catch the bag if I
can catch the bag and you slide it on
now remember air tight nowhere in
nowhere
I think this is what I would think
wouldn't be helpful because lettuce goes
bad absolutely now so this is nice that
you have that air tight seal on it -
we've never been able to take care of
cereal bag cereal boxes now we've got
the grip sticks to go ahead and keep all
your cereals fresher longer saving you
money this is cool tell me how that
works okay well let's say we're gonna go
out on a picnic this afternoon and I
pre-made a salad for you okay and take
it out of the cooler all right and all
you simply do is you just simply slide
the gripstic off croutons fall down
inside of there next one comes off there
goes your cheese and then of course you
take the next one off turn the bag
upside down and you have to dressing in
there and now you've got yourself a
fresh salad oh I don't know you don't
have to have like 18 plus a little tiny
plastic bag well for so long people
actually take they buy more bags to seal
products when we don't need to do that
anymore okay now again this is what they
look like in the stores where where do
we find this fries and Safeways right
now and they're hanging on the strips in
between your pretzels and chips
sometimes you got to look for them but
they're in there alright they're in
there and what would you tell people you
know if they want an invention and want
to make it a reality
oh just stick with it it takes a lot of
time determination and a lot of our if
you believe in it it'll happen for you
and you'll be at one store shelves and
for more information just go to gripstic
comm or call the number on your screen
and don't go away coming up next we're
gonna reveal our mommy Monday makeover
see this mom's new do and win one for
yourself that's right after the break